Hey,
guys,
welcome back.
So in this video,
we're going to see how we can use the cells collection object to affect all the cells
within the sheet or within,
actually or current sheet.
So to do that,
you can write cells dot And then you can see here that all the methods and properties for
the cells collection object which are actually similar to the ones that we've explained on
the range object will actually start appearing.
Okay,
so we can actually write cells dot fund start name equals Ariel,
for example,
and we can write as well.
Sells dot Fund size equals equals 15 for example.
Okay,
So what this is going to do is that is going to change the font name for all the cells in
this sheet to be Ariel.
And it's gonna change the fund size as well to be 15 for all the cells in the sheet.
So I'm actually gonna put the value of 10 in some of the cells year just as a sample.
But actually the changes will not just affect these cells.
It will affect all the cells within the sheet.
But I'm just putting a sample for you.
So if you run that this,
let's activate the home tab on the ribbon here.
You can see here that the fund to skirt the calibri So if you run that you can see here
that it's now Ariel and the fun size is 15.
And actually,
this is going to be applicable for any sell within the sheets,
because year,
any cell within the sheet,
the fun size is 15.
And the front name is Ariel.
Okay,
so this is basically how you can affect all the cells within a certain sheet.
Okay.
Which is using the cells collection object.
If you use the cells collection,
object to strike cells dot and then start using any property or method.
And that's without specifying a certain cell boy in putting a row index and a column index
,
this is actually gonna affect all the cells within your sheet.
Okay,
so thanks.
Guys were watching this video,
and I'll see on the next one